Apply the geometric predicates description to extract by location (#4197)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/qgis_algs_include.rst

    Default: *0.0*

**end_network_advanced_parameters**

.. The following section is included in vector selection algorithms such as
 qgisselectbylocation, qgisextractbylocation
 
**geometric_predicates**

.. figure:: img/selectbylocation.png
   :align: center
       
   In this example, the dataset from which we want to select (the *source
   vector layer*) consists of the green circles, the orange rectangle is the
   dataset that it is being compared to (the *intersection vector layer*).

``Where the features (geometric predicate)`` [enumeration] [list]
  The spatial condition for the selection is defined by choosing one or more
  geometric predicates.

  *Intersect*
    Tests whether a geometry intersects another. Returns 1 (true) if the

>     geometries spatially intersect (share any portion of space) and 0 if they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    geometries spatially intersect (share any portion of space - overlap or touch) and 0 if they
```

    don’t. In the picture above, this will select circles 1, 2 and 3.

  *Contain*
    Returns 1 (true) if and only if no points of b lie in the exterior of a,
    and at least one point of the interior of b lies in the interior of a.
    In the picture, no circle is selected, but the rectangle would be if you
    would select it the other way around, as it contains a circle completely.
    This is the opposite of *are within*.
    
  *Disjoint*

>     Returns 1 (true) if the geometries do not share any space together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns 1 (true) if the geometries do not share any portion of space (no overlap, not touching).
```
